Miss, you are not pregnant.
He also bribed the Second Master's trust.
Make a fake pregnancy test.
Hmm, I know if we want to break it.
Why are we so nosy?
Some people are more urgent than us.
You arrange to reveal a message to Gu Sophie.
Say it, Lam Thanh Nhi's fiance is in my hands.
The great lady of this temple
Lam Chan Hoa was solved more than once
Also possible for Luciodio and Lee Huifen.
These two things take ten pounds of my mind.
Let me understand this.
How foolish it was to mistake Lam Kien Hoa's last name.
This time
I want them to pay me back everything they owe me.
Hey, have you heard?
Second master, that fiance's lover came to your house today to ask for someone.
Being locked up by the eldest lady, I know more than you.
Master.
That lover still pretended to be a young lady and cheated on her.
That young master basically didn't know the truth.
I always take the young lady as my maid.
Okay, Ly Thanh Nhi.
Tonight I will return you to your original form.
I just saw a brother here.
The road runs in that direction.
Brother, come in.
The program is about to start.